excited to have one of our
um all-time most uh beloved and upvoted
speakers and ceos back therese tucker
founder and ceo blackline
i did not know that much about black
line back in the day i should have but i
didn't
um i i uh i am interested in anything
about buy side sell side accounting
financials i didn't know much about
black line but then i saw in 2016 you'd
file to go public something like that
um and i immediately reached out i said
well can therese please come to sester
annual and the team said
she really wants she hasn't had a
vacation in 15 years and she needs to go
on a cruise
and we're not allowing her to come okay
well
maybe she's deserved it after 17 years
whatever she needs a cruise
but we begged her to come back and she
came back in 2018 annual which
after this pandemic seems like 20 years
ago or something doesn't it seems like a
decade ago but it was
it was two half years ago and um
people's jaws dropped at this session
it's one of the she was the number one
rated speaker this year and people still
watch it today
talking about how everything's sort of
the same building unicorn yet it's
different right
and the difference is and people love it
the the craziness how to
how to bootstrap how to hire people when
you have no money
um how to break the rules how to be a
mother of starting something at the time
right
a lot of things in this speech and it
still resonates so i'm super happy to
have
therese back and this will be a very
interesting time because after
19 years or something you're you're
moving upstairs to chairperson is that
what happening next year
executive chair yes so how do you know
how do you know when it's it's only been
19 years
i think there's a couple of ways to know
you know when if you have an
honest self-assessment you can say
i'm a little tired i have been going
full board
200 for a very long time and i'm a
little tired
uh when you also recognize
that you don't really have the right
skill set
to take the company through its next
phase we believe that blackline can have
a billion in revenue
our market's that big i'm not a person
who is scaled
a sas company before yes and then um
you know most importantly it's when you
find the right person
uh i hired mark huffman almost three
years ago
yeah and he and i have worked together
very closely
during this past several years and
i'm completely convinced that he's the
right person
but having the right skills and having
the values that don't mess up the
cultural dna of the company
is critically important when you think
about when is it time
to hand it over hand over that mantle to
someone else
yeah and mark came from netsuite and has
worked at scale
right um he was there from 3 million to
over a billion in revenue
yeah so he's got the whole broad
spectrum
and he came in it was so great jason he
came in
and he was like oh i see what's
happening here
we had that problem at netsuite here's
how we handled it
yeah and he did that over and over
because
the needs of a company i mean it's you
know when we were
very small you take incredible care of
your customers
right i mean i'll pick up the phone with
any of them
yeah when you have more than several
thousand customers
that's no longer sustainable how do you
still deliver that quality
in a way that um is efficient
is is cost efficient uh
but also still personal yes i don't know
so his skill set is completely well now
i do because i've learned
uh but his skill so that's very
different than mine
so super critical in that regards yep
and let me just the first one let me
challenge you a little bit because that
one of the most honest things that i
think founders don't we don't talk about
enough
but is getting tired it is there's
nothing harder than being a founder ceo
is there there's nothing harder on
planet earth there's nothing
it's it's 24 7. i do think that being a
parent is maybe more important right
but i actually think it's easier than
being a founder ceo you could challenge
me we could have a little fun
but but you get these breaks as a parent
you get we were talking about your
one-year-old
grandson you get these breaks when
things are the pressure's lower right
when you can just go enjoy yourself at
disneyland or whatever it is but as a
founder ceo it's it's always with you
right
um but you have to find a way so you've
been doing this almost 20 years what
have you done to reinvent yourself or
or not get tired not get burned out
because i think four to five years is
when everyone hits a wall right and this
might be your fourth time right as
you're going to chairperson
oh fourth time i would say more like
20th time 20th right i mean
you know and in the early days those you
hit the wall a lot more often
yeah i can remember going on walks with
my husband and saying
i just don't think i can keep doing this
and he would say i think you're almost
there
just just give it a few more months so
having someone who encourages you
especially if you have great mentors
those are super invaluable just people
that can encourage
but also they have the wisdom of having
done it
that's a big big deal just to keep you
going okay this is not
all for naught i'm not gonna be homeless
when i'm 45
right i mean that's that's kind of a you
know like all right
i can keep doing this as long as it's
got somewhere it's going somewhere
so the encouragement piece is big so
your husband
gave you a little bit of a kick to keep
going or encouragement and then mentors
it's so
this is so key to breaking through that
wall isn't it is getting mentors
and it's different than advisors it's
different than helpers different than
people that will answer an email it's
someone
who what type of mentors did you find
that have helped you at the different
stage like what backgrounds and how much
time did you get from them or what did
you seek out from them
um you know it's interesting because
there's not a lot of women in technology
all of my mentors are kind of um
god bless them i hope they don't mind me
saying this middle-aged white guys
okay and uh who had been very successful
in business on their own
um who were uh not they're
measured they're wise they're honest
right i mean um i have one particular
board member who is still my mentor and
uh he you know when we brought on
private equity
in 14 he would absolutely say to me
oh 13. sorry he would absolutely say to
me when i would get all wound around the
axle like
look they're being very reasonable this
is how private equity operates
stop essentially stop being so
hysterical
and because i trusted him yeah
that allowed my relationship with the
private equity people
to be really healthy right i mean
you know and and other times he would
say no you're right stick your guns
and i'd be like okay i'm digging in you
know because i think this is the right
thing
so having that um wise view
that because so often we get down in the
weeds right
and we can't really and we get i don't
know about other people
i'll get emotionally attached to a
certain outcome or a certain approach
and to really have somebody just say you
know what you need to set that aside
for the benefit of the company
and having that person be someone you
trust is
phenomenal i think
many of us certainly you and i both were
we're so passionate about what we do
right sometimes our mistakes can come
out of that passion right and when you
go think
like a private equity buyout or an m a
or even an ipo
and you all of a sudden you have all
these stakeholders that have no passion
right they have belief they have belief
and faith but they don't have that
passion and
i've made some of my biggest almost
mistakes dealing with that
that that when they come into when they
they butt heads these two things your
passion and
the private equity folks come in and now
they kind of are telling you what to do
and their ideas are very
they're very nuts and bolts and they're
very spreadsheet-oriented and you're
like but that won't work
and without a mentor um i've said things
i shouldn't have said
i've gotten frustrated i've expressed
only out of passion right only out of
passion
but you that's one getting a mentor to
to ground you as you have more
stakeholders is alone is high value
isn't it
incredibly high value and i cannot
under emphasize
how great it is when you do have a
really
healthy relationship with your investors
yeah
i mean our private equity groups that
were involved with blackline
they added tremendous value i mean just
they helped me scale they helped me grow
they helped the company grow
they they were they earned their money
yeah uh maybe not quite as much as they
made but they earned a lot
we always look back when you have a good
outcome and feel like
they had it a little bit easy right uh
the time maybe didn't seem that way
um i mean they invested in one 2013
right
and so things were we knew
we knew things were good again right
because we had seen in the numbers but
there were no cloud ipos none of this
had come back box ipo'd shortly after
and people thought
sas was terrible it was a dud right they
didn't know so in all fairness
um maybe they didn't get quite it maybe
they got a better deal than any of us
thought right
on either side of the table you know
that that comment about
trusting your investors it's an
interesting one i certainly say the same
thing
and i made i made bad decisions as a
founder
when i didn't trust investors and i've
and as an investor i've tried to do that
too
um but do you really know did you have
enough time you did a private equity
transaction where you sold the majority
interest right
it's great to hear that but do you
really have that were you really able to
make that determination at the time that
this was a trusting relationship that
you had
well one of the things that i did in the
private in the whole process
was i decided that um
i was going to be extraordinarily
transparent
yeah about what i thought was good about
the company and what i thought
were its challenges and so
i um you know many times people are
trying to put lipstick on a pig
right there they're trying to cover up
everything that might be bad
and you know just present perfection um
i knew from the beginning that i wanted
to have
a very clear understanding on what was
going to happen
right after the documents signed and so
in order to do that i showed all the
warts
i i highlighted the problems i had
in-depth discussions
about the problems now we had 14 bidders
for black line
so you did it was a real process you had
14 offers i see yeah yeah we had 14
offers
um sealed offers and so it was a real
process
and we did not i did not have that level
of conversations with all of them
but there were several that uh you know
immediately they had done their due
diligence they
um understood the business they had
called customers
i mean there were a few out of those
where i had those a lot of in-depth
conversations
and it was sort of like you know
carrying it down to
you know you're only going to date three
guys until you figure out which one you
want to marry
and so um yeah it was a little bit of a
bachelor thing
but uh you know once we did that and
really really spent a lot of time with
those
just several it was um a really good
process
and even the ones that i did not pick i
still have good relationships with today
your comment about it's in i found that
the very best founder ceos the very best
ones are very transparent about their
weaknesses and their gaps and the issues
right
for a whole bunch of reasons maybe it's
honesty and passion it's simpler to be
transparent
right uh and it inspires trust and
confidence
but i you know i think curious you've
got anything to add to the story but i
think for advice for folks
sometimes especially early stage
founders want to hide things right they
want to hide bad things
they want they make up numbers like a
lot of times i think see things like
quarterly mrr
and sort of churn excluding big
customers like yeah all right my turn's
low but i lost blackline
but apart from these apart from
blackline slack at google our churn is
almost non-existent
uh it's natural um or even sometimes
misleading how small you are to big
customers right that's natural like a
big customer asks you for your balance
sheet
you're bootstrapped what's your what's
your balance sheet look like a black
line there's nothing my credit card
statement
it never pays to hide it does it it
never pays does it
it never pays and most people hide it
out of insecurity
yeah right so and that is
a failing in and of itself because
if i can go to you and say i have this
great business we have a huge market in
front of us
and by the way we really stink in these
four
areas can you help us yeah
we're gonna we're gonna you're gonna
you're gonna respect that you're going
to
teach me what you know and show me how
to get through that
and we're all going to learn and be
stronger as a result but
if you've got that insecurity like i've
got a i've got to look bigger i've got
to look better i've gotta look perfect
you're never gonna overcome those things
let's chat about something related um
uh just to after 19 years of running
black line you started in 2001
right which i think was a black swan
event right when
the internet ended right um today we
have another black swan event
um i i reflected on this i found in my
career they happen about every five
years so these black swan events are not
quite
the individual ones don't seem to recur
right this this recession
we're in now didn't happen to software
did it it happened to other categories
we all thought in march software would
dip for a day but how do we how do we
how have you thought about dealing with
black swan events you even plan for them
in contingencies how do you get the team
through these black swan events
well you know if it was precisely every
five years it'd be so much easier
wouldn't it
but i'm with you yeah you know i think
about
the one that really hit us was the 2008
financial crisis
we just decided at the end of 2007
that we were going to be sas only going
forward
uh which actually turned out to be a
great decision
but i would say there's a few things
around this
uh nimbleness is key all right
the ability to react and address
customer needs and cut costs as you
might have to
but that nimbleness you can't just sit
there paralyzed
you've got to be able to address it
and deal with it a cash buffer
is going to reduce stress for hard times
now i've often said you know uh i don't
think it's a great idea to go out and
raise a bunch of money
uh just for the sake of raising it if
you don't have to because you give up
control you give up
ownership but having a little extra cash
in the bank
is such a blessing in hard times
because even at the scale that
blackline's at now
with this pandemic we saw customers take
a lot longer to pay
period just to pay right just to pay
yeah
yeah and i mean completely
understandable everybody's focused on
cash because we don't know what the
macro environment is going to do
so having a cash buffer is really
very helpful when you have one of these
events and
then lastly i would say look for
opportunities
okay i mean we saw
a couple in this last pandemic uh one
was we saw an opportunity
to build tremendous goodwill with our
customers we did customer relief we did
additional customer training
we gave away free products we worked
with people to do a better job of
closing their books remotely
we had all kinds of ways of building
goodwill with customers and we viewed
that as a
very valuable outcome all right and
secondly because we have a very healthy
balance sheet
we viewed it as a tremendous opportunity
to invest
heavily in r d where many of our smaller
competitors sort of pulled back
right because they were very worried
about where the future was going
we said great let's double down let's
make sure that we get some great
product development done let's let's
increase our lead during this time
because we have the resources to do that
so look for the opportunities in the
black swan events they're definitely
there
let's dig in on just a couple of those
points one on the relief side
right um you guys i i should know more
of the details we can chat about it but
when
when when covet hit you provided
customer relief if you need
longer to pay if you need more time
we'll give it to you right
and now now that we're a ways into this
and we can see what's happened with
public companies shopify just released
their numbers
and they went from a 14-day trial to 90
or longer as long as you need it during
the pandemic you shopify
and they grew faster they grew faster
from it we talked with stuart
butterfield a while back they had better
conversions from free to pay
because of extending it zoom's seen it
right so we've learned
that being hyper customer centric works
but sometimes it's scary
because the sales team the cs team there
is a theoretical impact on the
spreadsheet isn't there for doing these
things like theoretically it's scary
right
yeah so you know outside of going for it
any advice to founders that are
struggling between those those
short-term impacts and the longer-term
gains
we actually um i have just a world-class
cfo
and mark parton and um he did all the
modeling ahead of time
i mean he modeled all the different ways
that we could do relief
yeah all right um you know and he we
didn't necessarily in every case
do it without any benefit besides
goodwill uh so for example
you know let's say that somebody was on
a one-year contract and
didn't want to handle have a price
increase or needed to drop something
and uh they would go back and go okay
great let's
let's make this a four-year contract
and uh in exchange for this got it so
he actually having a a really savvy
cfo to model what the impact is ahead of
time
to figure out you know if you can't
afford it
right if you can't afford it it's not
scary but if you don't know
then yeah it's scary so we knew ahead of
time going into this
what we could offer what we should offer
how much
you know how many about 25 of our
customers are
in impacted industries like travel and
entertainment and others
yeah okay so it is um our customers have
had
some real difficulties with this and
we want them to be customers for the
next 15-20 years
so this is just a short-term trade-off
for that longer
it's good learning uh meant to model it
uh thoughtfully
um related one on the the you talked
about
having an extra cash buffer during tough
times which which is advice a lot of
folks will give how did you do that as a
bootstrap company though
where are you getting this extra cash
are you
hitting up your long-lost uncle or uh
where'd you get this rainy day fund when
you're bootstrapped
oh my god you know um
during the financial crisis uh we
as i mentioned a minute ago decided not
to sell
any more on-prem software
now the beautiful thing about on-prem
software is you get a big chunk of money
right up front
big chunk and yeah and so
we also had to forgo that one of the
decisions that we made at that time to
help bridge that was we build
a year in advance for the sas
subscription
and so that was a help with cash uh but
frankly
you know the reason i say it will reduce
stress in hard times to have a cash
buffer
is because i've had a lot of sleepless
nights yeah okay i never had
in the early days the buffer that i
wanted and um
you know i probably look 15 years
younger right now if i hadn't had those
hard days in the beginning
well it's funny two follow-ups on that
my rule or my advice is to founders is
figure out how much money you need
bootstrap venture backed whatever do it
on a spreadsheet do it carefully then be
conservative
then add 25 percent yeah if you raise
that extra 25
and then it's the right amount it's the
right amount i need four million dollars
well then raise five i need 10
raise 12.5 that's the conservative
version
uh and then it then it forces you to
take that little bit of extra dilution
lose that little bit of control but it's
the right amount right that buffer
yeah or another way when we used to do
sales forecast
uh i had a very wise board member who
would say
cut it in half and take it out twice as
long
that's conservative but yeah yeah well
with sales you know no that works for
sales right yeah for how much to raise
an extra bit but yeah i'm with you
um yeah it's interesting on the
i'm not you know the on the on
on learning this from not having the
buffer um
now that you think back for founders
today i mean sas is so much hotter right
there's so many more startups
i um the founder that i've invested in
that maybe has been the most successful
almost bootstrapped raised
almost no money and was proud of it
managed to become a billion-dollar
company being a majority owner
um and then raised after that and said
boy i should raise more earlier
and it was the stress and it was not it
was not making the hires especially the
enterprise level hires right
so do you have any more nuanced views of
if you if you're doing black line today
would you have invested more
raised more versus today to go bigger to
reduce the stress
any any thoughts because bootstrapping
isn't always a choice it wasn't a choice
for you in the early days you had no
choice right
that's right it's not a lifestyle
decision yeah
exactly um you know uh
i love the fact that i retained an
enormous
ownership percentage of black line to
this day
right to this day i'm still the largest
shareholder
uh frankly that would not have happened
had i raised money much earlier it
wouldn't have happened right you would
have especially then we've taken so much
delusion
so much delusion right so um i'm
i am not displeased with that
okay that level of stress is not for
everyone
okay i mean it really isn't i mean just
being able to
um you know deal with that here's the
other thing though
when people go to raise money they put
so much
time and energy into the raising of the
money
i mean the books and the travel and i
mean
my god i must have gone to you know at
one point uh
200 offices along sand hill road right
i mean sounds like everyone right
i mean and and but the amount of energy
that went into that
you know you should put that into
building your business
and making something that customers want
to pay for
so it's not like you can do them both at
the same time
and get the same results nobody has that
kind of bandwidth
all right so if you've got the
opportunity if you can
if you cannot take the money wait as
long as you can
yeah it's sometimes when i meet with a
founder that's early stage but post
revenue one of the
one of the flags the saddest things i
hear is when they say it's like well we
had
three great months but the last couple
months have been rough i'm like why i've
been fundraising i'm like well
it's not an excuse
it's not an excuse and uh you're right
it's very distracting right
especially if you're not hot when you
went to raise the the private equity
around you had 13 offers so it was
easier i mean it was work but they came
to you
right you were established but yeah um
okay two things i want to make sure we
hit with the time we have
um one is um recruiting and evangelizing
in a
uh in maybe a more pedestrian space like
accounting i've done it i've lived this
life early in
e-signatures and contracts which is hot
now but
back then certainly wasn't um sas alone
wasn't even
hot until a couple years ago right it
was even hard to get folks to go to sas
instead of a
consumer company especially in southern
california until just a few years ago
now we look at zoom and slack and the
kids all want to do
business software right um especially
accounting how do you
how do you how do you get folks excited
who do you recruit if you're not
a hot company in a hot space right it's
almost a two by two are you a hot
company
you can be a hot company in a boring
space and still get people excited right
um but you almost have to be in that two
by two to get
the average mercenary hire to want to
join you right you have to be
a hot company in a hot you have to be
the airbnb or the slack at the right
moment in time so what have you learned
here but
wasn't that an interesting term that you
just used the mercenary hire
yeah the mercenary okay because that's
not the guy that's going to be there
when things do get tough when you do
need somebody to work on the weekends to
fix a problem
uh and i would say we don't go after the
mercenary hires
one of the benefits of being in southern
california is that there are
less uh places for software engineers to
work but better weather
and i think that we've always focused on
we want our employees to be
long-term employees and so you provide
the great pay the great benefits the
stock
options the great culture you know a
growth path
of how they're going to learn and grow
and get better and a career path
i mean by being a great employer
you don't attract the mercenary hires
you
attract the younger talent
and they stick around and they grow and
they end up having
enormous amounts of tribal knowledge
that they can share with others
and so that's been our approach it's
it's we've tried to stay away from the
mercenary hires
and who for your e-staff over time your
direct reports
um you're you're very charismatic but
every ceo is distinctive right we all
have distinct distinctive styles who
who what edge did you have who did you
try to recruit to work directly for you
selling accounting software right it's
it maybe they're folks that just wanted
to sell accounting software but it's
probably more right they wanted to work
for you
uh i don't know about that either but uh
you know after we did the uh
private equity in 2013 at the end of 13
um one of the first things that i was
tasked with doing
was hiring a whole executive team
frankly um a cro a cmo
a cto a chief legal officer
a cfo so you had none of these for the
first 12 years the company you had no
c level officers not really
i had people filling those roles but
they were not
um they sort of you know might have been
the receptionist that i met at starbucks
or the baristas you were late to build
out a traditional management team
actually you were very late
very late given scale very late to build
that i really wanted
yeah um so we did and and having the
private equity there
really helped with being able to recruit
that team
okay and but what's super interesting
even about that
now i think they probably came for the
options and the potential
and they've all done very well over time
which is
great i want them to um but what's
really
interesting is that even that team from
four years ago most of them are not here
okay for five years ago and they're not
because they're not there no yes we've
we've
subsequently in 2018 we essentially
rebuilt the executive team again
okay and and it's super interesting
because the group that gets you to
25 million is not necessarily the group
that gets you to 100
based they got you the four-year
schedule but then you needed a
different set of skills to get to a
billion and a hundred million right
yeah yep and how do you know if someone
it's that that's such a
it's i mean we all go as it sounds like
your first team you
may be stuck with too long right which
is a mistake a lot of us make 12 years i
mean
not all of them but but you you waited
right then you
you learned uh to stage appropriate them
um how do you know if someone can go the
distance how do what do you look for
what
do you where do you look for whether
they have the capabilities to run or
where they're hitting too many limits
how do you know where that line is do
you have any any insights to share
you know um it would be very interesting
because
over the years uh you know you can see
when a particular area
isn't functioning as it should
yeah the laggard area
and so you have that conversation with
the leader of that area
you say hey you know um this doesn't
seem to be working quite you know
what are we going to do about that and
to a person i knew that we had outgrown
the executive
when the answer was do more of the same
didn't have the ideas no didn't have the
ideas didn't have the ideas
had had sort of reached the end of their
creative road
yeah and you know let's throw more
bodies at it
well wow we did that last year it didn't
quite work
what are we going to do instead and so
and that's that's across
all areas and so um you know and i've
often said to my board
how do we know that you have an outgrown
me all right i've said that
many times over the years you know is it
it am i
a dinosaur here and one of the things
that they always said was you know look
as long as you keep asking that question
then you're probably not i mean you know
how do i continue
lead better you know um
see a little further you know do
something more creatively that will add
value how do i do those things
so it's it's truly you kind of know that
you've outgrown someone
when you know it's sort of like uh the
definition of insanity right keep doing
the same thing and
expecting different results and of
course you don't get different results
yeah that's a powerful insight when they
don't have ideas to get to the next
level
and when the answer is people just more
bodies that's a
one last one on this the one i add to
the list but maybe maybe you would
disagree but i see is when i smell too
much fear
in the role when i see that they don't
believe
let's say i'm at 10 million this year
and the goal is 20 million next year
and they just even though they they did
an incredible job this year getting you
from three to ten
they don't believe they can do it right
and as a leader your job is to make them
believe they can but if they don't
believe it's impossible isn't it
yeah oh my goodness as soon as you said
that jason
i just flashed back to a couple of
conversations
where people were fearful fearful like i
can't yeah and it the smell of fear
that's a great way to put it
yeah i feel bad and when i smell that i
want them to stay
they just need to be topped or and be in
a different role it doesn't mean they're
not great maybe they're a director
right or more junior vp but that fear
it's i've never seen it cured i've never
seen that fear of the next year's number
you should have anxiety but that's not
fear anxiety is i don't know if these
five ideas will work
but i'm going to try them they should
work yeah
yeah all right the last one i want to
hit with you because it ties back to
your
your first test annual presentation was
rules
what rules can do you have to keep and
break
and you talked a lot about versions of
this when you spoke about rules and now
we've seen more companies go public wait
we see zoom one founder
right i'm not even sure if black lines
one founder did you have co-founders or
another one founder slack's a gaming
company
right mailchimp not only bootstrapped
all the way to mailchimp or bootstrap to
infinity right and so a lot of these
rules we have
we're seeing them broken more and more
where you need to start companies
right i mean forget you started in la
which was hard enough the bayer what is
the bear even
maybe the barrier is a way of thinking
today i don't i don't know so
um what advice can you give folks what
rules should be broken
maybe what shouldn't any any any any
extra thoughts you want to add here
about rules
you know i always um i have never been a
big fan of any rule
so um i've never been good at following
roles
so uh it's great to listen to everybody
else
it's great to listen to this podcast and
learn what you can
but at the end of the day you've got to
trust your own gut
you've got to believe in what you're
trying to accomplish
and you've got to be all in on that and
so
um you know it's it's great like i said
it's great to spend your time listening
to podcasts but if you're not
doing it while you're commuting then
you're not really focused on what you
should be focused on
i mean it's it's you know don't um and
that goes along with
the raising of the money which we
already talked about right wait as long
as you can
and then know that it's going to be an
enormous distraction
and take up a lot of time and energy and
that's going to hurt the business
so um again wait you'll have more
ownership
more control um don't
you know one of the things that's great
about entrepreneurs
in general is that they identify
a need that is not being addressed
commercially
right now if and and you will get
many people that sort of pooh-pooh your
idea
in early days we talked to it's hard to
hear that yeah
but we would talk to vcs and they would
be like what is that and who
cares right and it would be like no no
this is really important to companies
financials and they'd be like yeah no
you know um so i think it's really
important to hear what the experts have
to say
but the reason you're an entrepreneur
is because you have an idea about
something that nobody else has actually
developed
and you can't listen to their rules or
their pooh-poohing if you ever want to
get anywhere
in fact if you do you should just go get
a paycheck somewhere
you probably should right it's easier at
the end of the day
or actually the best job of all is to be
the number two or number three
that's the best job of all you get a lot
of the benefits without the next level
stress of the founders ceo
right that's the smart play you want to
be the svp or
or the ceo teresa this has been great is
there any last thoughts
we we should hit or that you want to
share nope
i i think well i will say this i think
that actually having a successful
enterprise
is really the epitome of the american
dream right to build something out of
nothing
and to build it into this vibrant
enterprise
that has employees that make livings and
are joyful
and customers that are happy that is
about
the most satisfying thing that you could
possibly do
and that's true whether there's a
pandemic or a black swan event or
whatever
so you know words of encouragement to
the people that are really trying to do
something hard
it's hard but it's so wildly enriching
when you get through it it's a great
inspiration coming up on 20 years of
doing this
right at black line and the reward of
building an enterprise right in this
society
of providing thousands of jobs and of
the story not ending right how long do
you want black line to go on for another
100 years
20 years 50 years 100 years at least
another
30 i would say another 30. that's a good
reminder and
i i'm personally i remain haunted a
little bit of selling both my startups
right it has pros and cons right
but but but but the benefits that they
la there they last forever don't they as
long as you're if your enterprise grows
then the reason we did it is is is
relevant to you 20 years on as it was in
2001 right is that it's a takeaway right
so keep
go long right if you can go long
and and i'm having a blast right now
mentoring some gen z women tech founders
it's a ball right to just see the up and
coming generation who are fierce
about doing some cool things very fun
are we and i know we're almost over but
since you brought up the mentoring of
the next generation of women how are we
doing are we doing any better than two
years ago when you were at saster are we
making progress i sometimes even worry
we've lost a little bit during the
pandemic because there's less
serendipity
right and there's more flight to
known-ness to known brands to known
people but
are you optimistic that we're doing
better on inclusion are you optimistic
in ten years from for my daughter
for your grandson how are you feeling
how are we doing how are we trending
you know i am optimistic i am probably
more optimistic about the younger
generation
yeah um i see millennials have a lot of
angst
which is you know difficult the gen z's
um they've also lived through some
incredibly difficult times
right i mean if you think about
millennials they've had 911 they've had
the financial crisis they've had the
pandemic
i mean life is difficult um genziers
tend to be
super fierce they're not more optimistic
they're just
fierce about what they're going to
accomplish and
that gives me great optimism that's good
okay well thank you teresa this is great
we're we're super grateful anyway sasser
can help you or anytime you want to come
back
and join us in any capacity we are here
for you and
and thanks and congratulations on the
first almost 20 years
um and no matter what i want to check in
in 2040
um and we'll chat and we'll we'll look
back and we'll we'll see we'll see what
we learned
uh back then the black line will be here
but it may be a very different company
then right it may be very very different
right we'll we won't it may not even be
sas
we don't know we'll find out
[Music]
you